like one gap
Okay. So on the top, on the top, no, not minus nine, minus.
No, not one. Oh, that means that they're bigger than bunch of other...
What about minus, minus 8, minus 7, minus 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, whatever.
Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, but then I...
Oh.
I kind of like the part where like remember at like near the beginning like
they kind of like got chased by Godzilla like in the boat
Remember that part? That one, I like that, I like that.
Yeah.
Oh. Yeah. That.
Oh, yeah, yeah. It's an old classic bike.
Yeah, there were women... yeah. yeah.
Yeah.
Which one?
Yeah yeah, He, he only came out like in the middle of the movie. No, no, like middle of the movie
like middle of the movie. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, I know. I'm okay.
It's all about... Yeah.
Yeah, that was good. Wasn't the people's song, the humans' song this good? But it's very good.
Yes, but it was, it just wasn't that good.
Yeah, but then the mom dies. But then, but then the burning goes to with him.
The burning lesson. Burning Godzilla. That
Yeah, remember him, like he became all fiery at the end
of the... Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, and then again, and they tried to back out.
and then, and then they try it out again like woah.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, he like he like tore off.
yeah he tore off a head of the monster and then he dragged the
I guess , I guess that's kind of like a thing, he has to do it whenever he defeats the monster.
There was no other monster.
No, that was only the time for the that was you're talking about new Empire. I'm not talking of new empire.
No. Uh.
Yeah, but then like he didn't really like a any...
He didn't really, yeah, but then, but then he was...he...
All of Hollow Earth monsters have green blood.
Yeah.
Godzi... No, it's kind of like reddish, but I'm not sure. I've never really seen it.
Is it like... No, kind... I'm not...
Yeah, that's definitely.
I think like at first they did use paint.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, It's like one movie, like the Zero Godzilla
Now, that's a...
Zero Godzilla. The first Hollywood movie, the one with the... Yeah, the one where he eats fish.
Yeah, I know.
yeah yeah yeah blood with bed because like one time
They shot it and then they collected the blood. That's how they found out that it was about to lay eggs.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
they checked the bleed, check the bed, they check the blood.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, Oh, not really. It's not always female. At least the newer ones.
I heard somewhere that it was usually a he or something.
Yeah, yeah.
I know. I know.
Oh, Yeah, yeah.
It was dead. It was dead. It was dead. Yeah.
Wait.
Wait, wait, which the, which media are you talking about?
Oh, that one?
Oh, that's not. That's a he. That's, that's the father. That's the father but then
there's some newer ones that like more like might be mom but
Yeah, something like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah and go like, he does like the box boxing moves.
Remember? like one time he did the boxing move, and then like yeah that was...
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Oh, Yeah, yeah, he puts his head between his legs and he shoots the beam and then he flies.
Yeah, but then...
Yeah.
Yeah?
Under, between his legs.
Yeah, and then he flies.
Yeah.
Really? Which one? Which one?
Oh, really? Oh, it's fake.
Oh, okay.
Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh.
Oh, did you know that but then like...
Oh, destro... Oh, I haven't really give a damn as destroyer.
Oh, I haven't really destroyed a destroyer.
No! Destroyer! Godzilla vs Destroyer!
Oh really?... Oh, Astro Monster, right?
but then, Astro is the space Godzilla.
Yeah, they're different
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah and then Destroyer is the one that looks like um, yeah, is the one that kind of looks like...
No!